Write a code to find Fibonacci Series using Recursion
Write a Program to find out the Spiral Traversal of a Matrix.
Write code to check if two strings match where one string contains wildcard characters
Write a Program to Reverse an Array
Write a Program to Find the Factorial of a Number using Recursion.
Write a Program to Convert Digits to Words.
Write a Program to Find the Prime Factors of a Number.
Write a Program to Find the Roots of a Quadratic Equation
Write a Program to Find the Largest Element in an Array
Write a Program to Add two Fractions
Write a Program to Find out the Sum of Digits of a Number.
Write a Program to Find out the Power of a Number
Write a Program to Find out the Sum of Digits of a Number.
Write a code to find consecutive largest subsequence
Write a code to Count Inversion
Write a code to Remove space from a string
Write a code to Replace a Substring in a string
 Write a code to Sort the element of the array without sort method
 Write a code to Sort the element of the array
 Write a code to Reverse the element of the array
 Write a code to Print the smallest element of the array
 Write a code to Remove all characters from string except alphabets
 Write a code to find Find the ASCII value of a character
 Write a code to find an Automorphic number
 Write a program to check whether a character is a vowel or consonant
 Write a program for Binary to Decimal to conversion
Write code to check a String is palindrome or not?
Write a Program to Find the Sum of Natural Numbers using Recursion.
Write a program to add Two Matrices using Multi-dimensional Array.
Write a program to find the sum of Natural Numbers using Recursion.
Write the code to for Armstrong number
Write a code to find the factorial of a number.
 Write a code to check for the longest palindrome in an array.
  Write a code to find non-repeating elements in an array.
  Write a code to find circular rotation of an array by K positions.
  Write a code to replace each element in an array by its rank in the array
  Write a code for Heap sort.
   Write a code to replace a substring in a string.
    Find non-repeating characters in a string
    Write to code to check whether a given year is leap year or not.
     How is the merge sort algorithm implemented?
     Write a code for bubble sort
     Write code to check if two strings match where one string contains wildcard characters
     Write code to Calculate frequency of characters in a string
      Write code Check if the given string is Palindrome or not
       Write code to Check if two strings are Anagram or not
       Write code of  Perfect number
       Write code of Greatest Common Divisor 
       Write the code to find the Fibonacci series upto the nth term.
       Write a code to reverse a number




#1. Fibonacci Series using Recursion
2. Spiral Traversal of a Matrix
3. Check if two strings match with wildcard characters
#4. Reverse an Array
#5. Factorial using Recursion
6. Convert Digits to Words
7. Prime Factors of a Number
8. Find the Roots of a Quadratic Equation
9. Find the Largest Element in an Array
10. Add Two Fractions
11. Sum of Digits of a Number
12. Find the Power of a Number
13. Consecutive Largest Subsequence
14. Count Inversions in an Array
15. Remove Spaces from a String
16. Replace a Substring in a String
17. Sort Elements of an Array (without using sort method)
18. Sort Elements of an Array
19. Reverse the Elements of an Array
20. Print the Smallest Element of an Array
21. Remove all characters from a string except alphabets
22. Find the ASCII Value of a Character
23. Check if a Number is Automorphic
24. Check if a Character is a Vowel or Consonant
25. Binary to Decimal Conversion
26. Check if a String is a Palindrome
#27. Sum of Natural Numbers using Recursion
28. Add Two Matrices using Multi-dimensional Array
29. Armstrong Number
30. Longest Palindrome in an Array
31. Find Non-Repeating Elements in an Array
32. Circular Rotation of an Array by K Positions
33. Replace Each Element in an Array by Its Rank
34. Heap Sort
35. Calculate Frequency of Characters in a String
36. Check if Two Strings are Anagrams
37. Check if a Number is a Perfect Number
#38. Find the Greatest Common Divisor (GCD)
#39. Fibonacci Series up to the nth Term
#40. Reverse a Number
#41. Leap Year Check
42. Merge Sort Algorithm
43. Bubble Sort
44. Check if a String Contains Non-Repeating Characters
